This report addresses primary scenarios for managing and resolving emerging zero-day vulnerabilities, which carry significant consequences and attract substantial attention in the global AppSec community.
Use this report to discover your exposure to issues highlighted in a zero-day publication across various Targets and Projects. The report helps you prioritize zero-day issues and monitor the progress of remediation efforts against any remaining occurrences.
The Security team at Snyk continuously updates the Vulnerability Database with new vulnerabilities several times a day. When the team discovers a major new zero-day vulnerability—typically in a widely used package with high severity that affects many customers—it will be announced and addressed as a zero-day event.
Upon the announcement of a new zero-day event, begin by examining the Impacted Targets table to gain a deeper understanding of the exposure. Use filters such as Project Lifecycle, Environment, or Project Criticality to focus solely on Targets associated with Projects in production that are externally exposed or of high criticality. Gaining such insights depends on the availability of Project attributes.
Next, proceed to the All Issues table and compile a prioritized list of issues requiring remediation. Typically, prioritization is determined by either the Snyk Risk Score or NVD CVSS Score, with emphasis placed on addressing vulnerabilities within sensitive targets. Apply filters based on Project Lifecycle, Environment, or Project Criticality to identify and address these targets promptly.
For continuous monitoring of remediation progress and efficacy, refer to the trend diagrams.\
The Accumulative Issues Backlog Trend diagram shows the weekly changes in the zero-day backlog by accumulating the weekly delta between identified and resolved issues. Use this diagram to ensure that your R\&D teams are reducing the zero-day backlog consistently, which will be indicated by a negative trend line.
In parallel, review the Issues Identified versus Resolved over Time diagram to conclude whether additional emphasis should be placed on preventing the introduction of new issues or on accelerating the remediation efforts.
