Overview
Snyk Code is a developer-first static application security testing (SAST) solution. By scanning code in real-time and providing actionable insights directly in the developer workflow across IDEs, repositories, and CI/CD pipelines, you can identify and address vulnerabilities early on. The AI-based engine results in fewer false positives for your developers, improving code quality and security. You can scan your code using the following options:

Snyk Web UI (including PR checks)
Snyk IDE
Snyk CLI
Snyk API

The following table shows the Snyk Code features, including analysis, managing security issues in your code, and facilitating remediations within your development environment.
FeatureDescriptionIssue filtering, sorting, and groupingTo identify the most common problems, you can filter issues based on their severity, programming language, priority score, and other criteria.See Filter existing Projects.Priority ScoreSort by and prioritize the more important issues by incorporating factors such as issue prevalence, ease of fix, and risk factor into a single risk score.See Priority score.Data flowVisualize the path of the issue from source to sink with a step-by-step flow.See Data flow.VulnerabilityLearn more about the vulnerability through curated content that explains how the vulnerability was created, what the risk factors are, and popular mitigation strategies for it.See VManage code vulnerabilitiesFix analysisGain insight and context by examining examples with links to actual code that fixes the same issues in similar data flows.See Breakdown of Code analysis.Create Jira issueTrack and export Snyk issues to your Jira project.See Create a Jira issue.Ignore issuesConfigure Snyk to ignore suggested fixes for an issue to suppress specific warnings. For example, you may have deliberately used hard-coded passwords to test your routines in test code, or you are aware of an issue but have decided not to fix it.See Ignore issues.Exclude files from the import processCheck for DeepCode/Snyk ignore files .gitignore .dcignore and read them if they exist. Using the information in these files, Snyk filters to identify only the files with the supported extensions in the Project directory and not above the current Project directory. Snyk Code bundles these files that are smaller than 4 MB and sends them to Snyk. ,gitignore exclusions are honored by the snyk code test CLI command.See also Exclude directories and files from the import process.Interfile analysisThis is available for all languages supported by Snyk Code except Ruby.
