Asset tags are metadata labels applied to repository assets and build artifacts. You can use asset tags to tag based on predefined values, manage and apply security policies, and group assets based on common characteristics. The following asset types are available:

System tags are automatically assigned by Snyk based on asset names or detected keywords (for example, codeowners).
User-defined tags are customizable, as you can define their logic through Assets Policies. For example, you can set tags to label a repository that comes from a specific source, such as GitHub.

A repository asset tag can be added through Policies or be system-generated by Snyk Essentials to provide more context. Click on a tags field to view all tags.

BitBucket Cloud cannot automatically detect the language used in the source code from the repositories. In Snyk Essentials, you can only see the language tags that have been manually added for BitBucket Cloud. \
Language data is not available for BitBucket Server. \
For more information, you can refer to the official documentation provided by BitBucket.

A system-generated tag includes the following information:

Technology - the languages detected by Snyk Essentials in the source code within a repository asset.
SCM Topic - the topics found in the integrated SCM repositories. Snyk Essentials supports topics from GitHub and GitLab.
Asset type tag - the tag explaining the type of the asset. For example, the container assets will be assigned an image asset tag. 
SCM Repository freshness - the status of the repository and the date of the last commit.
Active: Had commits in the last 3 months.
Inactive: The last commits were made in the last 3 - 6 months.
Dormant: No commits in the last 6 months.
N/A: There are no commits detected by Snyk Essentials.

Inventory menu - Tags column
