Use the Priority Score to filter and prioritize discovered issues based on their importance, risk, frequency, and availability of a Fix analysis.
A Priority Score for each issue can be between 0 and 1,000, which changes automatically if one of its factors changes. For example, if the Severity Level of an issue has increased or decreased, the Priority Score of the issue changes accordingly.
You can filter issues in the Code analysis Project by Priority Score using the PRIORITY SCORE slider to set the range of the scores you want to display (see View issues by Priority Score).
Priority Score factorDescriptionSeverity LevelThe higher the severity level, the higher the security risk of the issue. Each severity level adds a different Score to the issue. The Score can be, at most, 500 points. Currently, Snyk Code does not use the Critical severity level.Fix analysisWhen an issue has a real-world fix example, it is marked as easier to fix, with a higher Priority Score. The Score can be, at most, 200 points. When Fix analysis is available, it is displayed in the Full Details panel of the issue on the Fix analysis tab.Issue occurrence in a ProjectThe number of times a specific issue appears in the Code Analysis Project. The higher the frequency, the higher the risk and the Score. The Score can be, at most, 100 points.Issue occurrence in a FileThe number of times an issue appears in a specific file. The higher the frequency, the higher the risk and the Score. The Score can be, at most, 100 points.Community ProjectsThe number of times an issue was fixed in external open-source Projects that Snyk examined. The Score can be, at most, 100 points.Project tagsWhen an issue has a Project tag, it decreases the Priority Score by 100 points. This internal tag can be one of the following:Test - The issue was found in a test file.Beta - The vulnerability type of the issue is in Beta status.These internal tags are automatically assigned by Snyk Code analysis, and they are not visible on the Web UI.
