You have the following options for obtaining the Broker token:

Using an existing Broker token for the Code Agent setup - if you already have a Broker token, which you used for running the Broker client for another Snyk product in the same Organization and the same SCM, you can also use it to set up Snyk Broker - Code Agent.
Using the same Broker token for multiple Snyk Organizations -\
  Although by default a Broker token is associated with only one Snyk Organization, if you have Organization Admin permissions, you can use the same Broker token for multiple Organizations as follows:
A new Organization - if you create a new Organization based on an existing Organization that has a Broker token, the existing Broker token is cloned during the creation of the new Organization, and you can use it for the new Organization as well.
An existing Organization – if you want to use an existing Broker token for other existing Organizations, you can use the endpoint Clone an integratioClone an integration (with settings and credentials). This API clones existing integration settings, including the Broker token for the Integration.
Using a Broker token for redundancy - if you set up two Broker Clients for the same Organization and the same SCM for redundancy purposes, you must use the same Broker token for both Broker clients. You can obtain the Snyk Broker token in the following ways:
Recommended: ask your Snyk account team to generate a Broker token for you, and then obtain it from the Web UI.
Generate the Broker token using Snyk APIs (see the instructions that follow).

After a Broker token is generated by either method, you can obtain your Broker token from the Web UI.
