Login and authenticate to Snyk using existing mechanisms (SSO, Google SAML, and so on).
Key Concepts
Asset: meaningful, real-world components in an application’s SDLC, where meaningful means either carries a risk or aggregates risk of other components (for example, repositories that contain packages) and real-world means that the concept exists outside of Snyk, for example, repository (which is a generally applicable term).
Controls: The security controls associated with the asset. Navigate to the Coverage controls section to see all available statuses for security controls.
Coverage: An assessment of whether applicable assets are scanned and tested by security tools (like Snyk Open Source, for instance), as it relates to an application security program.  A type of policy that allows you to specify what controls should be applied and, optionally, how often it needs to be run.
Tags: A way to categorize assets. Helps you recognize or handle assets differently according to mutual properties. Assets can be filtered by their tags in the inventory or when creating policy rules. A tag can be automatically assigned to an asset, or the asset can be tagged by a policy you created. GitHub and GitLab topics are treated as asset tags, and you can use them to create policies. 
Class: A way to assign business context to assets and categorize an asset based on the business criticality. Assets can be assigned Classes A, B, C, or D, where Class A (assets that are business critical, deal with sensitive data, subject to compliance, and so on) is the most important and Class D (test apps, sandbox environments, and so on) the least important. Assets are assigned Class C by default. A class can be used in policies as well as defined in a policy.
Policy: A way to automate actions in certain conditions, like classifying and tagging assets with business context. You can also use a policy to configure actions like sending a message or setting the coverage gap control using a Policy builder UI.
